Data lineage doc review (#738)
astronomer/docs: astro/set-up-data-lineage.md

## Overview

To generate lineage graphs for your data pipelines, you first need to configure your data pipelines to emit lineage data. Because lineage data can be generated in all stages of your pipeline, you can configure pipeline components outside of Astro, such as dbt or Databricks, to emit lineage data whenever they're running a job. Coupled with lineage data emitted from your DAGs, Astro generates a lineage graph that can provide context to your data before, during, and after it reaches your Deployment.

> Lineage data is generated by OpenLineage. OpenLineage is an open source standard for lineage data creation and collection. The OpenLineage API sends metadata about running jobs and datasets to Astro. Every Astro Organization includes an OpenLineage API key that you can use in your external systems to send lineage data back to your Control Plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lineage data is generated by [OpenLineage](https://openlineage.io/). OpenLineage is an open source standard for lineage data creation and collection. The OpenLineage API sends metadata about running jobs and datasets to Astro. Every Astro Organization includes an OpenLineage API key that you can use in your external systems to send lineage data back to your Control Plane.
```

To send lineage data from an external system to Astro, you must specify your Organization's OpenLineage API key in the external system's configuration. To find your Organization's API key:

1. In the Cloud UI, open the **Lineage** tab.
2. In the left menu, click **Integrations**:

    ![Location of the "Integrations" button in the Lineage tab of the Cloud UI](/img/docs/lineage-docs.png)

3. In **Getting Started**, copy the value below **OpenLineage API Key**.

> For more information about how to configure this API key in an external system, review the Integration Guides content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to configure this API key in an external system, review the Integration Guide for that tool.
```

Author: I used _for the system_ instead of _for that tool_

<TabItem value="astronomer">

> Lineage is configured automatically for all Deployments on Astro Runtime 4.2.0+. To add lineage to an existing Deployment on Runtime <4.2.0, [upgrade Runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/upgrade-runtime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lineage is configured automatically for all Deployments on Astro Runtime 4.2.0+. To add lineage to an existing Deployment that is running on a version of Astro Runtime that is lower than 4.2.0, upgrade to the latest version. For instructions, see [Upgrade Astro Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md).
```

@kwcanuck FYI when linking between docs, we just use the markdown file name, not the full URL

Author: This was the existing link format.

#### Verify

> To view lineage metadata, go to your Organization's [landing page](http://cloud.astronomer.io) and open the **Lineage** tab in the Organization view. You should see your most recent DAG run represented as a data lineage graph in the **Lineage** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view lineage metadata, go to the Organization view of the Cloud UI and open the **Lineage** tab. You should see your most recent DAG run represented as a data lineage graph in the **Lineage** page.
```

Redundant? Also we don't use "landing page" as a term i don't think

Author: _Landing page_ was the existing text.
